Major security policy update (#3394)
sourcegraph/about: docs/security.md

- External access to production systems is restricted by firewall. Secrets that grant access to
  compute resources are stored only on encrypted local drives or a secret management service.

#### Monitoring and Incident Response

- Our operations team monitors service availability 24x7x365. They investigate alerts and potential attacks 24x7x365, triaging and responding if necessary.
- We only log information crucial for security and support. Only restricted personnel have access to user data. Logs are stored in GCP and the information is retained for 180 days. Find out more in our [Privacy Policy](https://about.sourcegraph.com/privacy/).
- Service, application, and access logs for sourcegraph.com are stored centrally by Sourcegraph and monitored.
- Our Incident Response plan is currently under review. It will be publicly available when finalized.

## Sourcegraph on-premise

Sourcegraph on-premise allows you to have the most control over the deployment and security options:

- Sourcegraph instances deployed on-premise do not send any customer code to other servers. Sourcegraph employees have no access to customer data or code.

> - Other than the email address of the initial installer (for customer support, security, and product notification purposes), Sourcegraph never sends any private user data, such as usernames or email addresses, or other specific data to any other servers, including to sourcegraph.com. Learn more in our [pings documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/pings).

Author: If this changes we'll have to update our Privacy Policy and this doc as a result. I don't know of any immediate plans to change it.

> - Other than the email address of the initial installer (for customer support, security, and product notification purposes), Sourcegraph never sends any private user data, such as usernames or email addresses, or other specific data to any other servers, including to sourcegraph.com. Learn more in our [pings documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/pings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Other than the email address of the initial installer (to know who to contact regarding sales, product updates, security updates, and policy updates), Sourcegraph customer-managed systems never send any private user data to any other system or servers maintained by Sourcegraph (company). Learn more in our [pings documentation](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/pings).
```

Reviewer: @abschu we've no intention (that I'm aware of) to change that - though obviously if we decide we want to in the future we could change it in a future release and update out documentation and stuff then.

- When running Sourcegraph on your own infrastructure, all application logs are stored locally, and never shared with Sourcegraph. Sourcegraph employees and contractors never have access to your Sourcegraph instance, or any of its data, unless explicitly shared for troubleshooting purposes.

- Authentication via SAML, OAuth, HTTP Proxy auth, and OpenID Connect is configurable. Basic authentication is enabled by default.

> - Sourcegraph can be configured to [enforce repository permissions](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/permissions) from connected code hosts. Sourcegraph also exposes a GraphQL API to explicitly set repository permissions.

Reviewer 2: @dan-mckean - this is only available to customers on our Enterprise plan.

Author: Thanks! Changed it to `Enterprise customers can configure Sourcegraph to enforce...`

Reviewer: I'm inclined to not go into detail about plans here. At this stage they're very likely looking at Enterprise anyway - if they just want free, they're likely not checking out security policy in detail. 

Plus it's another place to avoid updating when pricing plans change.

Author: But without the distinction it makes it seems like this option is available for all on-prem deployments. If you think the small inaccuracy is ok I'll go back to the previous wording.

Reviewer: If you've done it already, leave it. Guessing we'll have to search and change all docs mentions of plans in the event we change things anyway so no big deal :)
